what's up everybody is mr. Stata
stacking them back again today I have an
interesting video for you guys this is
actually a video response to Nilay Patel
of the verge on the last verge cast they
talked about Instagram and they talked
about a few of the new features that
Instagram is beginning but Neal I had an
interesting opinion on the matter here
the big secret to why Twitter was
successful was they looked at what their
users were doing on Twitter and they
built that into the service they're like
users are retweeting and they built
retweets in the service right like users
are like they're there at replying to
each other so they built at replies in
the service nothing about what Instagram
just did has anything to do with how
users are one Wow you know what users
are you know people want to do you know
they want to read Greek they want to
take pictures in a grid which I see all
the time like wow that's great
so after hearing his opinion that just
made me think I've had those features in
my native Instagram client for the past
few months they aren't new to me those
are features that I use every day and I
really enjoy but I don't use the native
Instagram client I don't use Instagram
now I do post on Instagram and I share
my photos on Instagram and I enjoy a
histogram experience I just have another
application for doing it and that's
because I'm on Windows Phone now one
knows phone hasn't had a official
Instagram application for the past few
years but due to the absence of an
actual Instagram client is allowed other
developers to step in use Instagram
software and make better applications so
today I'm talking to you guys about an
application called six tag which is an
Instagram app you log in with your
Instagram account you follow your
friends that are on Instagram you post
you like you share on Instagram I'll
make that very clear this is an
Instagram app it's just better than the
regular Instagram app and I'm going to
show you why okay so let's go ahead and
take a look at the application and see
why I like it more than a native
Instagram client so right off the back
something that it does take advantage of
on Windows Phone it's the fact that it
has a live towel so right here is six
tag and I can see a preview of the
photos on my timeline before I even open
up the app
occasion and that's something I really
appreciated of course I could turn it
off if I wanted to but I like to have it
on it's a feature that I can't find on
Android and I can't find on either iOS
and I really appreciate just getting a
glimpse into the application before I
actually open it up so now once we go
into the application one thing that I
really appreciate is that although you
see I have a massive six inch phone on
Android iOS I would be stuck scrolling
through my timeline like this I mean one
picture at a time on a phone of this
size it's just it's just embarrassing
you know so I want to take advantage of
this massive screen real estate and see
what six tag allows me to do is to pinch
on my screen and scroll out and now I
can view all of the photos on my
timeline in a gridded fashion if I want
to go into one of the photos I'm going
to do this click it and then boom I go
right into the photo itself which is
something that I really really
appreciate now something that I see my
friends doing a lot I don't really do it
all that often is you know reposting
photos people love to repost but on
Android and iOS if you want to repost a
photo you have to take a screenshot and
then crop the screenshot and then go
into your camera roll or your albums and
post it it's just a lot of work but I
like this picture and I want to know
repost it I just hit these buttons right
here hit a repost and boom I can just
repost everything that they said the
photo so they get credit for the picture
everything just like that seamless now
let's say I see a picture that I really
like and I want to save that picture I
don't necessarily want to share it with
everyone I just want to save it hit the
same buttons go right there boom image
save so now if I go out of the
application and I go into my photo album
and I go to my albums themselves and go
to save pictures as you can see my
picture is saved to my phone and then I
can open a six tag it takes me right
back to where I got it from just like
that so another thing that I really
appreciate is when it comes to creation
so a big part of Instagram is of course
taking pictures and now videos and when
you are on Android or iOS you're kind of
limited to what you can do let me show
you what I mean by that I see a lot of
people taking very creative videos where
they are like different scenes and they
like stitch them together to make cool
effects and stuff like that
there's a lot of work on those other
operating systems so if I go over to the
camera roll one thing that you can see
do you want to continue from last
capture that is not a feature that is
available on Android and iOS so I was
previously recording a video and I came
back to the application you saw that
everything was closed out and it asked
me do I want to continue recording so I
hit yes it'll pick up right where I left
off on my previous video that's
something that's very appreciated you
can imagine if you're trying to do a
cool scene where you're in your house
and then you go to the store and then
you're outside instead of having to keep
the application open you can just close
it out and continue shooting once you
get to your next location now another
cool thing is something that Neal I
actually mentioned on the verge cast is
gridded photos so if I swipe over to the
side and I hit this button right here
you can see I have a photo and go ahead
and click on this button right here and
add a picture say I want to add that now
I can just simply crop that right there
add a note another photo let's say I
want it and I don't know some keys and I
can just go ahead and keep splitting the
photo however I want and make a grated
photo just like that something that's
built into the application I don't have
to use an external application to make a
grid I can do it right from the
Instagram app that I use six tags and
finally the thing that I really
appreciate about this application is the
fact that I can turn off sponsors posts
so if I go into my settings and I go to
every both go to settings I go / / / / /
/ / - general I can say hi sponsors
posts because I just want to see what my
friends opposed to I don't care about
all the advertisements that Instagram
wants to get out of this platform and
finally this is a bit kicker for anyone
who is a part of social media or does
anything online we have multiple
accounts guess what if you hit this
button right here you can go to switch
accounts yes
no more logging all the way out of
Instagram and re-entering credentials to
switch accounts all you have to do is
hit switch pick another account and boom
you're into your other account and just
go right there and you go back to your
primary account just like that
something that should definitely be
built into the native Instagram client
that isn't a sixth a gives you the
ability to do so if you guys enjoyed
this video please do me a favor and hit
that like button if you really enjoyed
the video go ahead and check out the
description and tweet this over to Neil
I really like to get his opinion on this
application in this video in general and
remember to subscribe guys because I'll
be bringing more videos like this every
week anyway this has been mr. status
tech hope you enjoyed the video and I'll
catch you guys in the next one these